# PROMPT.md

[Note]: _Don't use this yet._ Your goal is to write a comprehensive, optimized and complete doom emacs configuration using init.el, config.org, and packages.el. This doom emac configuration would serve mainly two purposes: (1) As a fully-featured IDE for python programming in python files and org-mode files using source code blocks; (2) As a comprehensive and productive LaTeX writing environment (editor) for writing scientific papers in separate .tex files as well as org-mode files. The aforementioned files will use doom emacs syntax and macros. You will write this configuration step-by-step for a number of iterations until my desired level of functionalities, looks and quality-of-life improvements have been achieved.

For the **1st interation**, carefully and closely study the configuration files in the attached `previous-doom-emacs.md` for doom-emacs. Use the `previous-doom-emacs.md` file as the base for my doom emacs configuration. This new doom emacs configured will be referred to as `final-doom-config`. Then carefully and closely study the vanilla emacs configuration in the attached `vanilla-emacs.md` file. Then translate that vanilla emacs configuration into a doom emacs configuration using doom emacs syntax and macross, and then merge this dooom emacs configuration with the doom emacs configuration in `final-doom-config`. But be carefully at this step, since many of the configurations in `vanilla-emacs.md` are shipped by doom emacs when you enable modules for these same configurations in a doom emacs's init.el file. I will provide a separate `init.el` file (formatted as init.md) that is different from the init.el in `previous-doom-emacs.md`. This init.el file will be part of `final-doom-config` and must not be changed for any reason. Make sure all the configurations integrate with doom-tokyo-night. Then write the configuration files for `final-doom-config` with all the requested changes in a nicely formatted and readable markdown output. The output should include the unchanged `init.el` file, and the modified `packages.el` and `config.el` files. Do not introduce errors. In ther vanilla-emacs.md file, you don't need to translate any configuration under the `Development Tools` heading; do not translate any configuration under the `Python Development` heading; and do not translate any configuration under the `Jupyter Notebooks` heading. You will eventually set these configurations up in the second iteratation. But make sure to translate all of the sections before and after these sections. Make sure to search the web before writing anything. This is the end of the 1st iteration of your task.

2. I have edited the init.el, config.el and packages.el files from the **1st iteration** of `final-doom-config` and attached these modified files in the form of `init.txt`, `config.txt` and `packages.txt` files below. The previously attached files remain unchaged. In the **2nd iteration**, find and fix any errors from these files. Now study the doom emacs project in https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs. Then remove any redundant configurations in the attached init.el, config.el and packages.el files. Then, in edited version of the **1st iteration** of th `final-doom-config`, write analogous doom emacs configurations for the development tools in the previously attached `vanilla-emacs.md` but replacing eglot and eglot-booster with lsp-mode; replacing dape with dap-mode; replacing flymake with flycheck; replacing sideline-flymake with sideline-flycheck; replacing treesit with tree-sitter; and replacing treesit-fold with ts-fold. Make sure to keep apheleia though. Add any doom emacs configurations and packages that can enhance these packages. Also translate the `Python Development` heading to doom emacs configurations that use these aforementioned packages. Do the same thing with the following headings in `vanilla-emacs.md`: `Markdown Environment`, `LaTeX Writing Environment`, Also,translate rest of the configurations under `Development Tools`, `Markdown Environment` and `LaTeX Writing Environment` to doom emacs configurations. Make these doom emacs configurations compliment and enhance the already shipped modules in the doom emacs project. Make sure all these new configurations are well integrated with the rest of the configurations in the edited files of the **1st interation** of `final-doom-config`. Make sure doom-snippets for latex-mode from https://github.com/doomemacs/snippets are also available for org-mode. Snippets for any other modes should not be available to org-mode. Enhance the snippet system by adding custom snippet ~/.config/doom/snippets as .yas-snippet files. Keep in mind that doom emacs already ships with defaults when enabling certain modules in the init.el. As mentioned previously, your goal is to write a comprehensive, optimized and complete doom emacs configuration using init.el, config.org, and packages.el. This doom emacs configuration would serve mainly two purposes: (1) As a fully-featured IDE for python programming in python files and org-mode files using source code blocks; (2) As a comprehensive and productive LaTeX writing environment (editor) for writing scientific papers in separate .tex files as well as org-mode files. The aforementioned files will use doom emacs syntax and macros. You will write this configuration step-by-step for a number of iterations until my desired level of functionalities, looks and quality-of-life improvements have been achieved. To end the **2nd iteration**, rewrite the `final-doom-config` by merging the edited files of the **1st iteration** that have newly attached with the needed changes in the **2nd iteration** in these files.

3. In the **3rd iteration** of the `final-doom-config`, study the doom emacs project in https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs carefully and, then find and fix any errors/issues in the previous iteractions for the whole doom emacs configuration. Then optimize this doom emacs configuration where ever possible and whereever necessary. Then rewrite all the files from the previous iteration with the new changes in a nicely formatted and readable markdown output. This is the end of **3rd iteration** of `final-doom-config`.

4. Then carefully study all the files inside the github repository for the doom emacs project. Then study the tecosaur doom emacs configuration in the attached `tecosaur-doom.pdf` file. Also study the same tecosaur configuration in the provided link: https://tecosaur.github.io/emacs-config/config.html. Then enhance the translated doom emacs configuration, let's call it the `final-doom-config`, with the configurations in the pdf file as well as the configurations in the attached `previous-doom-emacs.md` file, while not overwriting the configuration already present in the `final-doom-config` file. The link is only provided because I want my final doom emacs configuration to be generated from one config.org file, i. e., `final-doom-config` file. Also study the doom emacs configuration in `elken-doom.md` file to add any missing configuration to `final-doom-config` not already present when adding from `tecosaur-doom.pdf` file. Make sure that you do not use any lsp-mode and dap-mode configurations in the `final-doom-config` file containing the final doom emacs configuration. Make sure the development tools and system in `final-doom-config` work seamlessly with the non-builtin treesitter configuration that doom emacs uses by default and enabled in `previous-doom-emacs.md`. Also make sure to use syntax used by doom emacs, since `final-doom-config` afterall is doom emacs configuration, i. e., your goal is to write a comprehensive, well-optimized doom emacs configurationm in the form of `final-doom-config`. Write the output in a nicely formatted and readable markdown output. Do not introduce errors. For the output of the `final-doom-config` file, theadings and subheading in org-mode would be translated to headings and subheadings in markdown output, and the source code blocks would be placed inside markdown code blocks. Make sure to add some information related to any configuration after any headings and sub-headings. Search the web for anything else that may assist you in writing `final-doom-config`.

Carefully study the doom emacs project in <https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs> and make sure there are no overlapping configuration options and packages that already shipped by doom emacs using modules in the existing init.el in the previous out.

Now, study the attached `tecosaur-doom.pdf` file carefully and borrow the following the sections and chapters: the whole Better defauts (section 2.3) under rudimentary configuration (chapter 2); the whole Avy (section 3.2.1); from Section 3.3 Tools, the following items: Abbrev(section 3.3.1), Very large file(section 3.2.2), EVIL(section 3.3.4), YASnippet(section 3.3.18), String inflection(section 3.3.19), Smart parenthesis(section 3.3.20); From Visuals(section 3.4), the following items: Marginalia(section 3.4.10), Treemacs(section 3.4.15); the whole Org and LaTeX configurations (sections 5.3 and 5.4) from Language Configuration (chapter 5) while using tectonic and texlab; markdown (section 5.11) from chapter 5; borrow Snippets(section 5.14). And then integrate these to `final-doom-config` in the attached markdown file. But don't overrite the configurations in this markdown file. Instead merge them with the configurations from tecosaur. Then rewrite the whole `final-doom-config` files. As always, the doom emacs configuration files in `final-doom-config` must be comprehensive and well-optimized. Write the output in a nicely formatted and readable markdown output.

Make sure doom-snippets for latex-mode from <https://github.com/doomemacs/snippets/> are also available for org-mode. Snippets for any other modes should not be available to org-mode.

Enhance the snippet system by adding custom snippet ~/.config/doom/snippets as .yas-snippet files

study the doom emacs project in <https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs> carefully and remove any redundant configuration options that are already provided by the doom emacs project. Just point out where you made the changes.

Make sure all prog-mode use their ts version respectively.

[Note]: Haven't decided on this yet
Then setup polymode and poly-org in doom emacss so that I have all the IDE features in org source code blocks.
